---

layout: page
title: The English Knowledge You Must Know

---


# Table of Contents

1.  [free](#orgf82fc02)
    1.  [be free to do/be](#org4843695)
    2.  [free with](#org4f7b076)
    3.  [free of](#org08e51ab)
    4.  [free from](#org23c16d4)
2.  [read](#orgfe3b66e)
    1.  [read](#org188c28b)
    2.  [read of](#orgcc7d9ec)
    3.  [draw out](#org75d34af)
    4.  [拔出、掏出](#org892260f)
    5.  [发掘、挖掘](#org386eda7)
    6.  [抽出、拉长](#org8f6a42e)
    7.  [care about & care for](#orga104c35)
    8.  [care about](#orgf8c65e6)
    9.  [care for](#org98f6109)
3.  [involve](#org4860a16)
    1.  [及物动词](#org483859f)
    2.  [不及物动词](#orgd5b9581)
4.  [cease](#org8848e48)
    1.  [cease to do](#orgcd8914e)
    2.  [cease doning](#org9e2c4e9)
5.  [take leave](#org2a5e361)
    1.  [take leave](#org407ce24)
    2.  [take leave to](#org71f521c)
    3.  [表示“冒昧做”的固定搭配](#org73bc3bf)


<a id="orgf82fc02"></a>

# free


<a id="org4843695"></a>

## be free to do/be

自由地做/成为&#x2026;

-   On Facebook, you can **be free to be** who you want to be, as long as you don't mind being bombarded by adverts for the world's biggest brands.
-   In Istanbul, women should **be free to** pursue happines and live as they choose, instead of being confined by traditional marriage values, she said.


<a id="org4f7b076"></a>

## free with

对&#x2026;很随意、随便，强调的是“对某事不认真”

-   You are too **free with** your manners.
-   It seems people become very **free with** their money these days.


<a id="org08e51ab"></a>

## free of

免除&#x2026;，通常指免除租金、债务

-   He lived in a flat **free of** rent.
-   Westin is rolling out a program at all of its hotels in which guest can borrow New Balence sneakers and workout gear **free of** charge.


<a id="org23c16d4"></a>

## free from

摆脱&#x2026;，从疾病、惧怕、危险或错误等消失或好转，强调从负面的时间中好转

-   Even the wise are not always **free from** error.
-   You may have another certificate showing the goods to be **free from** radioactive contamination.
-   The Thai economy, like many in Asia, sprang **free from** the great recession surprisingly quickly.


<a id="orgfe3b66e"></a>

# read


<a id="org188c28b"></a>

## read

除了“读、读书”，还有“察觉、了解”的意思

-   They're pretty intuitive, and they can see it, they can **read** it.
-   Mr Lorry's bussiness eye **read** in the speaker's face that is was loss of time to dwell upon the point.


<a id="orgcc7d9ec"></a>

## read of

熟悉，了解

-   I **read of** the superstar's marriage in today's newspaper.
-   She had, I presume, **read of** how Garfield, Lincoln, and other Americans rose from poverty to fame and greatness.


<a id="org75d34af"></a>

## draw out


<a id="org892260f"></a>

## 拔出、掏出

draw为及物动词

-   He put a knife in a man and **drew** it out.


<a id="org386eda7"></a>

## 发掘、挖掘

draw为不及物动词

-   It's importent to **draw out** a child's pontential capacities.
-   The teacher helped to **draw out** the meaning of the poem.


<a id="org8f6a42e"></a>

## 抽出、拉长

draw通常为及物动词

-   The days begin to **draw out** after the winter solstice.
-   She **drew** the interview **out** to over an hour.


<a id="orga104c35"></a>

## care about & care for

take care of sb, "照顾、照料某人"


<a id="orgf8c65e6"></a>

## care about

care用作谓语动词，与about搭配，表示feel interested in / be concerned about, “关心、担心、在乎”

-   If I **care about** you, I'm concerned about your growth, and I hope you will become all that you can become.
-   The world has to **care about** American's growth, since it is the importent driver of the global economy.


<a id="org98f6109"></a>

## care for

既可以表示“照顾、看护某人”，也可以表示“喜欢、想得到某物”

-   Brave Isabel, the poor little girl whose father gave up his life to **care for** her.
-   To **care for** wisdom and truth and the improvement of the soul is far better than to seek money and honour and reputation.


<a id="org4860a16"></a>

# involve

involve既可以作及物动词，也可以做不及物动词，差别很大


<a id="org483859f"></a>

## 及物动词

表"包含、涉及"

-   However, the **innovation** can involve plenty of clever gadgets and gizmos.
-   Intercultrue communication **involves** different perceptions, attitudes and interpretations.


<a id="orgd5b9581"></a>

## 不及物动词

其固定搭配是be involved in或get involved in, 表示"卷入、干涉、参与"

-   By then, World War II had ended, but the United States **was involved in** the Korean War, so Starr decieded to become a military doctor.
-   Many nations around the world **are involved in** border disputs which have resulted in strained military relations.
-   Din't I say somethins about you not **getting involved in** that?


<a id="org8848e48"></a>

# cease


<a id="orgcd8914e"></a>

## cease to do

强调“长时间甚至永远停止做某事”

-   Your voice service provider will soon **cease to** provide service.
-   The great tragedy of life is not that men perish, but that they **cease to** love.


<a id="org9e2c4e9"></a>

## cease doning

强调“短时停止做某事，但以后还会接着做”

-   Never **cease trying** to be the best you can be &#x2013; that's under your control.
-   Moscow would also **cease issuing** visas to British officials &#x2013; although he insisted other visa applications would not be affected.


<a id="org2a5e361"></a>

# take leave


<a id="org407ce24"></a>

## take leave

告别、离开，或休假

-   The guest **took leave** after thanking the host.
-   The goverment has tried to address the problem by promoting telecommuting and encouraging workers to **take leave** when they start families or need to care for elderly parents.


<a id="org71f521c"></a>

## take leave to

冒昧做。。。

-   I **take leave to** be frank.
-   I **take leave to** differ from you.


<a id="org73bc3bf"></a>

## 表示“冒昧做”的固定搭配

-   We **take liberty of** writing to you with a view to establish bussiness relations with you.
-   May I **make so bold to** ask what institution sponsored your experiment?
-   I **ventured to** say something of the kind to her, when she laughed at my clumsy compliment and said I had better take to writing fashion articles instead of political leaders.
-   I know my place and I wouldn't **presume to** tell an expert how to do his job.
